Dear editors,

I'd submitted this paper to PLOS CompBio.  They rejected it on the
grounds that we had failed to sufficiently demonstrate robustness, and
that it would be of interest to too few readers, but advised that I
should resubmit to PLOS ONE.  We believe we've addressed the
reviewers' concerns, and would like to offer the revised manuscript
for your consideration.

The paper introduces and evaluates a piece of software that is of
general interest to a small but growing audience: neuroscientists
working in the zebra finch and possibly other bird species.  It allows
precisely timed triggering of other experimental apparatus in response
to syllables during bird song.  Since such a method facilitates a wide
variety of experiments in this model, many labs have developed
functionally similar software, but few have released details on how
they did it, and those few who reported on accuracy have not done so
very thoroughly.

We've gone to some lengths to describe and characterise the software's
performance in detail.  It appears that our software outperforms that
used in other labs in terms of accuracy, precision, speed, ease of
use, cost, and availability.

If accepted, before final submission, all code will be placed under an
appropriate open source license, final release versions generated, and
DOIs created as described in
https://guides.github.com/activities/citable-code/ .  The relevant
example/testing datasets will be uploaded to one of your approved
repositories.  For now, in lieu of final release DOIs, we provide
links to our development repositories.  If you would like anything
else, such as access to the datasets for review, please contact me.

The first two reviewers in round one, especially Sam Sober (who was
kind enough to identify himself), wrote exceptionally helpful reviews.
If they would like to take another look, that would be great, but it
appears that they don't review for PLOS ONE?  Here are a few people from your Academic Editors list who might be interested:

Yael Abreu-Osama
Patrizia Campolongo
Marcello Costantini
Cheryl M McCormick

Thank you!
-Ben Pearre <bwpearre@gmail.com>

